[Docu-3170] Support for scoping plugins by consumer group. (#5874)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_includes/md/about-plugins.md

for a comparison.

## Precedence 

> A plugin will always be run once and only once per request. But the
> configuration with which it will run depends on the entities it has been
> configured for.
> Plugins can be configured for various entities, combination of entities, or
> even globally. This is useful, for example, when you wish to configure a plugin
> a certain way for most requests, but make _authenticated requests_ behave
> slightly differently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single plugin instance always runs _once_ per request. The
configuration with which it runs depends on the entities it has been
configured for.
Plugins can be configured for various entities, combinations of entities, or
even globally. This is useful, for example, when you want to configure a plugin
a certain way for most requests, but make _authenticated requests_ behave
slightly differently.
```

Therefore, there exists an order of precedence for running a plugin when it has

> been applied to different entities with different configurations. The rule of
> thumb is: the more specific a plugin is with regards to how many entities it
> has been configured on, the higher its priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
been applied to different entities with different configurations. 
The general rule is: the more specific a plugin is with the number 
of entities it has been configured on, the higher its priority.
```
"rule of thumb" is too colloquial.

Also, I don't really understand what this sentence is trying to say. Is the plugin's priority higher when it has been configured on more entities? What exactly is "more specific" in this case?
